-In this project named " The Gaming Room" we have helped our client develop on what platforms they are going to be working on for their app. The Gaming Room was a mobile app game creator with experienced success launching a puzzle competition game on the Android platform. The client wanted to develop a web-based version of its current Android app to make the game available across multiple platforms and devices.
-We wrote a comprehensive recommendation section outlining key areas for the client’s consideration including the host operating system (OS), memory and storage management solutions on host servers, the API framework,
security, and the benefits of leveraging serverless architecture to launch the product. I made a strong case as to why a cloud platform was the best choice for the client and their goal.
=Whilst we amalyzed the domain model depicted as a UML class diagram proved beneficial in understanding the structure of and relationship between entities representing the app components. This helped in developing concise classes with straightforward methods that leveraged other entities in direct fashion to form a clean prototype.
-Key needs to consider for the user when developing web based apps are speed and intuitiveness (i.e. usability). Quality characteristics (i.e. look and feel) are also important, but less so when compared to speed and usability. A user may continue to use the app if they don’t care for the look, but will leave the site if functionality is ambiguous or slow. User needs are of paramount consideration because, as the product’s consumer, they are the ultimate source of revenue for the client.
